Content type updates for Framework migration guide (#602)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-plugin-framework/v1.15.x/docs/plugin/framework/migrating/resources/timeouts.mdx

that practitioners that are using your provider update their Terraform
configuration. Remember to only introduce breaking changes to your provider in
[major version
updates](/terraform/plugin/best-practices/versioning#versioning-specification).

If your provider includes timeouts in functions in which the config, state or
plan is being unmarshalled, for instance, the `Create` function, you will need
to [update your resource's model](#updating-models) to refer to the timeout
fields.

Once you have added timeouts to your resource's model, you can [access them in
CRUD functions](#accessing-timeouts-in-crud-functions) by using helper functions
provider by the `timeouts` module.

## Background

The reality of cloud infrastructure is that it typically takes time to perform
operations such as booting operating systems, discovering services, and
replicating state across network edges. As the provider developer you should
take known delays in resource APIs into account in the CRUD functions of the
resource. Terraform supports configurable timeouts to assist in these
situations.

## Migrating timeouts in nested blocks

> If your provider configuration uses a nested block to define timeouts, such as
> the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your provider configuration uses a nested block to define timeouts, then you can use the [timeouts
 module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts) to implement them. The module can also mutate your resource schema to add the `timeout` block. The following example shows a configuration with `timeout` block nested in the `resource` block, which is an implementation suitable for using the module:
```

}
```

> You can use the the [timeouts
> module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts) to
> implement the timeouts, and use it to mutate your resource schema to add the
> timeout block.
> 
> First add the timeouts module to your resource type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First add the timeouts module to your resource type:
```

        },
```

> ## Migrating timeouts in nested attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate timeouts in nested attributes
```

> If your provider configuration uses nested attributes to define timeouts, such
> as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your provider configuration uses nested attributes to define timeouts, then you can use the [timeouts
module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts) to implement them. The module can also mutate your resource schema to add the timeout attribute. The following example shows a `timeout` attribute nested in the `resource` block, which is an implementation suitable for the module:
```

}
```

> You can use the the [timeouts
> module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts) to
> implement the timeouts, and use it to mutate your resource schema to add the
> timeout attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        },
```

> ## Updating models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update models
```

> When you use timeouts in functions in which the config, state or plan is being
> unmarshalled, for instance, the `Create` function, you will need to update your
> resource's model to include a field for the timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use timeouts in the `Create` function or other functions that unmarshal the configuration, state, or plan, then you must update your resource's model to include a field for timeouts.
```

	resp.Diagnostics.Append(diags...)
```

Modify the `exampleResourceData` model to include a field for timeouts using a
[`timeouts.Value`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts/resource/timeouts#Value)
type.

```go
type exampleResourceData struct {
    /* ... */
    Timeouts    timeouts.Value `tfsdk:"timeouts"`
```

> ## Accessing timeouts in CRUD functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access timeouts in CRUD functions
```

> Once the model has been populated with the config, state or plan the duration of
> the timeout can be accessed by calling the appropriate helper function (e.g.,
> [`timeouts.Create`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts/resource/timeouts#Value.Create))
> and then used to configure timeout behaviour, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After populating the model with the configuration, state, or plan, Terraform can access the duration of the timeout by calling the appropriate helper function, such as [`timeouts.Create`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts/resource/timeouts#Value.Create), so that it can configure timeout behavior. For example:
```
I didn't know how to explain the example 😳 so I just left the two word intro. Ideally, we'd explain it in a little more detail.
